# Headless Dialog

The Headless Dialog `h-dialog` component is usually used when we want to display a pop-up style box to the user. This can also be used to create all kinds of drawers.

## Usage

We need to import at least `h-dialog`, `h-dialog-content`. There are 2 other optional components `h-dialog-title` and `h-dialog-description` but these are not required and should only be used for accessibility purposes.

Minimal example:

```vue
<script setup lang="ts">
import {
  HDialog,
  HDialogContent,
  HDialogTitle,
  HDialogDescription,
} from "vue-headless-ui";
const isOpen = ref(false);
</script>

<template>
  <h-dialog v-model="isOpen" :transition="{ name: 'fade' }">
    <h-dialog-content>
      <h-dialog-title html-tag="h1">
        Subscribe to our newsletter
      </h-dialog-title>
      <h-dialog-description html-tag="p">
        Fill in the ridiculously small form below to receive our ridiculously
        cool newsletter!
      </h-dialog-description>
    </h-dialog-content>
  </h-dialog>
</template>
```

<br/><br/><br/>

## h-accordion

::: warning
This parent does not render any tags and is only used as a wrapper
:::

### Directives

---

#### v-model (optional)

This components supports the `v-model` directive for 2 way data binding. The directive can be used to change the state of the accordion.

```ts
modelValue = {
  type: Boolean,
  default: undefined,
};
```

### Props

---

#### id (optional)

For accessibility purposes the accordion components need to have an `id` attribute. This attribute is auto-generated by default but we can pass a custom id if necessary.

The id will be passed down to the child components automatically.

```ts
id = {
  type: String,
  default: undefined,
};
```

#### open-by-default

While the accordion supports a `v-model` directive if that is not present the accordion will use it's internal state to open and close. Use `open-by-default` in case you want the accordion to be open upon mounting.

```ts
openByDefault = {
  type: Boolean,
  default: false,
};
```

<br/><br/><br/>

## h-accordion-toggle

This component is used to toggle the accordion on or off. This component renders a `button` element by default.

### Props

---

#### html-tag (optional)

This is useful if you want to use a custom tag for the component other than a `button`.

```ts
htmlTag = {
  type: String,
  default: "button",
};
```

<br/><br/><br/>

## h-accordion-content

All the content form the accordion should sit within this component. This component renders a `div` element by default.

### Props

---

#### html-tag (optional)

This is useful if you want to use a custom tag for the component other than a `div`.

```ts
htmlTag = {
  type: String,
  default: "button",
};
```
