# Headless Accordion

The Headless Accordion `h-accordion` component is useful in for reducing vertical space on the screen. This component has 2 child components.

## Usage

We need to import all 3 components `h-accordion`, `h-accordion-content` and lastly `h-accordion-toggle`

Minimal example:

```vue
<script setup lang="ts">
import {
  HAccordion,
  HAccordionContent,
  HAccordionToggle,
} from "vue-headless-ui";
const isOpen = ref(false);
</script>

<template>
  <h-accordion v-model="isOpen">
    <h-accordion-toggle> Open Accordion </h-accordion-toggle>
    <h-accordion-content>
      <div v-for="x in 50" :key="x">Item {{ x }}</div>
    </h-accordion-content>
  </h-accordion>
</template>
```

<br/><br/><br/>

## h-accordion

::: warning
This parent does not render any tags and is only used as a wrapper
:::

### Directives

---

#### v-model (optional)

This components supports the `v-model` directive for 2 way data binding. The directive can be used to change the state of the accordion.

```ts
modelValue = {
  type: Boolean,
  default: undefined,
};
```

### Props

---

#### id (optional)

For accessibility purposes the accordion components need to have an `id` attribute. This attribute is auto-generated by default but we can pass a custom id if necessary.

The id will be passed down to the child components automatically.

```ts
id = {
  type: String,
  default: undefined,
};
```

#### open-by-default

While the accordion supports a `v-model` directive if that is not present the accordion will use it's internal state to open and close. Use `open-by-default` in case you want the accordion to be open upon mounting.

```ts
openByDefault = {
  type: Boolean,
  default: false,
};
```

<br/><br/><br/>

## h-accordion-toggle

This component is used to toggle the accordion on or off. This component renders a `button` element by default.

### Props

---

#### html-tag (optional)

This is useful if you want to use a custom tag for the component other than a `button`.

```ts
htmlTag = {
  type: String,
  default: "button",
};
```

<br/><br/><br/>

## h-accordion-content

All the content form the accordion should sit within this component. This component renders a `div` element by default.

### Props

---

#### html-tag (optional)

This is useful if you want to use a custom tag for the component other than a `div`.

```ts
htmlTag = {
  type: String,
  default: "button",
};
```
